Boy, I thought you were so capable
In the end, didn't you take an inspection?
Where was your strength just now?
Hurry up and take it out
Eyeless
Pardon me?
I said the conference has no eyeballs
proverb
handed down
Shebel and others think it is acquaintance
So blind
What's that?
What!
handed down
true or false?
Sir, what do you mean?
Mr. Ye, please sit down
You can't go wrong with what has been identified at the antique conference.
Mr. Liang, about this landscape painting
And they were wrong.
So small
Then you mean the Antique Appraisal Conference Athens
Then tell me where they went wrong
OK
This first mistake
That is to say, the words of the landscape are hard
And this second mistake
That is to say, this Longquan Poverty is genuine.
The real beauty is this Longquan celadon
Nonsense
He's clearly messing up
Hurry up and get people out
Thank you.
If I say I have a way